
---------------------------------------------------------------
WinSkinMaker   by Lucian Bogdan Cristache  , May 2001

 You have a royalty-free right to use, modify, reproduce and distribute
 the WinSkinMaker in any way you find useful.
---------------------------------------------------------------



Steps for creating a skin.

1.Find your Winamp\Skin\  directory.
    (This is necessary only for the first time you use the program.)
    Click File->Find Skin Directory.When you find the directory doubleclick on it
    to expand itself then click Close.
2.Click File->Load to load a picture.The picture must be at least 276 x 348 pixels.
   It is recommended that the picture not to be  too bright or too dark !
3.Scroll the picture to choose the area which will be transformed in a skin.
4.Type in the first textbox the name which will apear in the title bar.
   The same text will apear in the second textbox but if you want to save
   the skin under another name you can edit separately the text in the second
   textbox.You can position the text in the title bar by adding or deleting blanks
   in the first textbox.
5.Now you can press Preview or directly Save.
    (The preview is just to give you an idea, is not really a preview.)
   If you get an error just try again including step 1.
6.Open Winamp and choose your skin from the skin list.
7.Return to step 2 if you want.


The OptionButton groups  on the main form are there only to show you how easy it is 
to make further improvements of the program in order to be more customizable.
Just try different options and you will see the point. Also I must tell you that the skins
are not actually complete since the program doesn't makes the file "text.bmp" and also 
there are not personalized cursors. But this is not a very  big problem and I hope you can 
resolve it. I include also two files "region.txt" and "viscolor.txt" which you can add manualy in 
the folders of your skins to see the result,but this is not necessary.

More about "region.txt": the file has two parts, one for the main part of Winamp
           and the other for the equalizer.Each part is a sequence of numbers which are
           the coordinates of the points that will be transparent when you load the skin.
           Each point is given by two numbers (e.g. : the point in the top left corner is 0,0).
More about "viscolor.txt":this file contains informations about the colors of the spectruml analyzer.
                 Each line represents a color in the RGB code.
	    e.g. : the first two lines are the color of the background, the 23-rd line is the color of
		the peaks etc. 
	


In the project is included a Denise Richards wallpaper (1024*768) on which I
tested the program during the design.Consider it as a bonus for downloading this program.

Thank you for downloading this program !